Develop (#493)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: en/python-net/converting/convert-pdf-to-html/_index.md

```python

    from os import path
    import aspose.pdf as apdf

    path_infile = path.join(self.data_dir, infile)
    path_outfile = path.join(self.data_dir, "python", outfile)
    document = apdf.Document(path_infile)
    save_options = apdf.HtmlSaveOptions()
    document.save(path_outfile, save_options)

    print(infile + " converted into " + outfile)
```

> ### Convert PDF to HTML with Stored Images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Convert PDF to HTML with saving images in the specified folder
```

    path_outfile = path.join(self.data_dir, "python", outfile)
    document = apdf.Document(path_infile)
    save_options = apdf.HtmlSaveOptions()
    save_options.special_folder_for_all_images = self.data_dir
    document.save(path_outfile, save_options)

    print(infile + " converted into " + outfile)
```

### Convert PDF to Multi-Page HTML

This function converts a PDF file into multi-page HTML, where each PDF page is exported as a separate HTML file. This makes the output easier to navigate and reduces loading time for large PDFs.

1. Load the source PDF using 'apdf.Document'.
1. Create 'HtmlSaveOptions' and 'set split_into_pages'.
1. Save the document as HTML with pages split into separate files.
1. Print a confirmation message.

```python

    from os import path
    import aspose.pdf as apdf

    path_infile = path.join(self.data_dir, infile)
    path_outfile = path.join(self.data_dir, "python", outfile)
    document = apdf.Document(path_infile)
    save_options = apdf.HtmlSaveOptions()
    save_options.split_into_pages = True
    document.save(path_outfile, save_options)

    print(infile + " converted into " + outfile)
```

> ### Convert PDF to HTML with Stored SVG Images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Convert PDF to HTML with saving SVG images in specified folder
```

This function converts a PDF into HTML format while storing all images as SVG files in a specified folder, instead of embedding them directly in the HTML.

1. Load the source PDF using 'apdf.Document'.
1. Create 'HtmlSaveOptions' and 'set special_folder_for_svg_images' to the target folder.
1. Save the document as HTML with external SVG images.
1. Print a confirmation message.

```python

    from os import path
    import aspose.pdf as apdf

    path_infile = path.join(self.data_dir, infile)
    path_outfile = path.join(self.data_dir, "python", outfile)
    document = apdf.Document(path_infile)
    save_options = apdf.HtmlSaveOptions()
    save_options.special_folder_for_svg_images = self.data_dir
    document.save(path_outfile, save_options)

    print(infile + " converted into " + outfile)
```

> ### Convert PDF to HTML with Compressed SVG Images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Convert PDF to HTML and saving compressed SVG images
```

This snippet converts a PDF into HTML format, storing all images as SVG files in a specified folder and compressing them to reduce file size.

1. Load the PDF document using 'apdf.Document'.
1. Create 'HtmlSaveOptions' and:
   - Set 'special_folder_for_svg_images' to store SVG images externally.
   - Enable 'compress_svg_graphics_if_any' to compress SVG images.
1. Save the document as HTML with compressed external SVG images.
1. Print a confirmation message.

```python

    from os import path
    import aspose.pdf as apdf

    path_infile = path.join(self.data_dir, infile)
    path_outfile = path.join(self.data_dir, "python", outfile)
    document = apdf.Document(path_infile)
    save_options = apdf.HtmlSaveOptions()
    save_options.special_folder_for_svg_images = self.data_dir
    save_options.compress_svg_graphics_if_any = True
    document.save(path_outfile, save_options)

    print(infile + " converted into " + outfile)
```

> ### Convert PDF to HTML with Embedded Raster Images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Convert PDF to HTML with control of Embedded Raster Images
```

This snippet converts a PDF into HTML format, embedding raster images as PNG page backgrounds. This approach preserves image quality and page layout within the HTML.

1. Load the PDF document using 'apdf.Document'.
1. Create 'HtmlSaveOptions' and 'set raster_images_saving_mode' to 'AS_EMBEDDED_PARTS_OF_PNG_PAGE_BACKGROUND'.
1. Save the document as HTML with embedded raster images.
1. Print a confirmation message.

```python

    from os import path
    import aspose.pdf as apdf

    path_infile = path.join(self.data_dir, infile)
    path_outfile = path.join(self.data_dir, "python", outfile)
    document = apdf.Document(path_infile)
    save_options = apdf.HtmlSaveOptions()
    save_options.raster_images_saving_mode = apdf.HtmlSaveOptions.RasterImagesSavingModes.AS_EMBEDDED_PARTS_OF_PNG_PAGE_BACKGROUND
    document.save(path_outfile, save_options)

    print(infile + " converted into " + outfile)
```

> ### Convert PDF to HTML (Body Content Only, Multi-Page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Convert PDF to Body-Only content HTML page
```

> This function converts a PDF into HTML format, generating only the 'body' content without extra 'html' or 'head' tags, and splits the output into separate pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function converts a PDF into HTML format, generating 'body-only' content without extra 'html' or 'head' tags, and splits the output into separate pages.
```
